Hmm...
Hmm... They're all short and ...
Big and hairy and lusty and don't want that kind of stuff... ha.. ha.. ha..
Ah.. hung...  Ah.. hung...
that I love, I really like this.
Hmm...
Oh, bard. Yeah.
I think I really like what they did with him. He made him like a
a father because in the book he's nothing like that he's just
a guy who shows up. He's kind of more like out of one.
but older and like not as like
Not as noble like without the kingship
So the movie they meet him.
A father who's a well-respected, really good person.
Yedah...
No.. for that... yeah...
Yeah, because he's just....
Yeah....
Yeah...  And then the people respected, loved him.
Give them the support that they want and they can't get.
Yeah... yeah...  yedah...  yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh no.
Yeah...  yeah...
(***)   He was the leader of the common folk.
But then he kind of has a weakness too because
he's like after yeah like
Well i'm not i don't know if it's a weakness actually
He was kinda pushed to it, but he does agree to attack the dwarves with the elves.
Even though he tried to reason with them first.
But then he kind of gives in to like
like being willing to spill blood to get the gold.
So it kind of falls into that.
but he never wanted to kill them though
Hope they.. like..yeah.. yeah...
Yah.. yeah. yeah.. . sashsi was..yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah. . yeah.. yeah..       Ah hung..
Yeah.
Yeah, I think they will feel like everyone Yeah  (***)
you
Yeah...   yeah... I think I really like
What they do with how he kills the dragon
It's on the shoulder of his son.
Yeah, it is. (***)
I know so everyday like  (***) change for
Yeah...  A lot more dramatic. It's a lot more emotionally connecting and driving.
Yeah...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...   Yeah... ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Ha... ha... ha... Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.  Really any top  (***)
Hard  yeah ... yeah...
Yeah...   yeah...
It's a forbidden love in a way
Yeah. Yeah...   Yeah...
Yeah..   and then know like...
And everyone knows that's words that I was still waiting for.
So it adds a different spice to it.
Yeah,.. Different  like  enough...   Yeah.. Daisy guys...
So.. Ha.. ha.. ha..
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Yeah.. And that's another thing they did not have in the book... so..
Yeah....  Notario doesn't exist. You know....
Okay... Yeah.,...Yeah... So...
We have the last verb, but then she doesn't like him back. And then he lets that go.
So..Yeah, ..Yeah...
Heel.. Yar....
Yeah,.. Yeah...
Yeah...He loved her enough to let her go, kind of... ha..  ha..  ha..
Yeah.  Ha... ha,... ha... ha...
Yeah...  But that he was he wanted to still protect and defend her
to the last. And he was so mad when he...
Really? When the orc hurt her. And he went all the way and killed the orc.
Ha.. ha.. ha...  Yeah...  Really...
Yeah that's really it's still
Lucky's guy.. Yeah... Yeah...
No, that's true. Yeah, that's true...
That's true
Yeah...    Extremely...
Oh, I didn't know that.
Uh  hung...    He's such a character.... ha.. ha... ha...
Ha..  ha...  ha...   He more I think about it.
Ha... ha... ha... ha...
Everybody is thinking... Yeah, that's true. yeah..that's true..
I wonder if they were doing that to add more depth to when...
Like....
Yeah...   That's true.